fix: TypeScript fixes (#658)
JonasKruckenberg/imagetools: .changeset/two-ears-matter.md

---
'imagetools-core': patch
'vite-imagetools': patch
---

> Corrected TypeScript imports to pass compilation under "moduleResolution": "nodenext" and "verbatimModuleSyntax": true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: corrected imports to compile with `"moduleResolution": "nodenext"`
```
